README.md, before:

# ember-cli-cookie

> Wrap $.cookie in Ember goodness

## Motivation

To try and remove external dependencies from my [Ember CLI][1] apps with a Promise aware object wrapper.

## Synopsis

This addon is designed to help pushing the external dependencies of cookies as far from my [Ember CLI][1] app as possible.
By injecting this object where cookie access is needed, my Ember code can just deal with an Ember object.  This also
means that I can inject mock objects in during tests to simulate setting and getting cookies.

## Installation

From within your [Ember CLI][1] application, run:

```shell
npm install --save-dev ember-cli-cookie
```

## Usage

In an initializer, inject the `cookie` object where needed:

```javascript
// /initializers/test.js
export function initialize(container, application) {
    application.inject('controller', 'cookie', 'cookie:main');
}

export default {
    name: 'test-initializer',
    after: ['cookie'],
    initialize: initialize
}
```

### \#setCookie(key, value, options)

Use this function to set a cookie, eg:

```javascript
// /controllers/test.js

export default Ember.Controller.extend({
  actions: {
    testAction: function() {
      var self = this;

      this.cookie.setCookie('my-key', 'my-value', { expires: 7, path: '/' })
        .then(function() {
          self.transitionToRoute('success');
        });
    }
  }
});
```

### \#getCookie(key)

Use this function to get a cookie, eg:

```javascript
// /controllers/test.js

export default Ember.Controller.extend({
  actions: {
    testAction: function() {
      this.cookie.getCookie('my-key');

      if (!token) {
        this.transitionTo('login');
      }
    }
  }
});
```

### \#removeCookie(key)

Use this function to remove/delete a cookie, eg:

```javascript
// /controllers/test.js

export default Ember.Controller.extend({
  actions: {
    testAction: function() {
      this.cookie.removeCookie('my-key');
    }
  }
});
```

## Contributing
In lieu of a formal styleguide, take care to maintain the existing coding style. Add unit tests for any new or changed functionality.

## Maintainers

- Aaron Chambers (achambers@gmail.com)

[1]: http://ember-cli.com "Ember CLI"

Commit message:

Removes postinstall step that was causing my builds to fail

README.md, after:

# ember-cli-cookie

> Wrap $.cookie in Ember goodness

## How does this differ from the original?

I forked from [achambers/ember-cli-cookie](https://github.com/achambers/ember-cli-cookie) to do one thing: remove the `postInstall` step from the package.json. This was causing my `npm install` step to exit with code 0 on our build server.

## Motivation

To try and remove external dependencies from my [Ember CLI][1] apps with a Promise aware object wrapper.

## Synopsis

This addon is designed to help pushing the external dependencies of cookies as far from my [Ember CLI][1] app as possible.
By injecting this object where cookie access is needed, my Ember code can just deal with an Ember object.  This also
means that I can inject mock objects in during tests to simulate setting and getting cookies.

## Installation

From within your [Ember CLI][1] application, run:

```shell
npm install --save-dev ember-cli-cookie
```

## Usage

In an initializer, inject the `cookie` object where needed:

```javascript
// /initializers/test.js
export function initialize(container, application) {
    application.inject('controller', 'cookie', 'cookie:main');
}

export default {
    name: 'test-initializer',
    after: ['cookie'],
    initialize: initialize
}
```

### \#setCookie(key, value, options)

Use this function to set a cookie, eg:

```javascript
// /controllers/test.js

export default Ember.Controller.extend({
  actions: {
    testAction: function() {
      var self = this;

      this.cookie.setCookie('my-key', 'my-value', { expires: 7, path: '/' })
        .then(function() {
          self.transitionToRoute('success');
        });
    }
  }
});
```

### \#getCookie(key)

Use this function to get a cookie, eg:

```javascript
// /controllers/test.js

export default Ember.Controller.extend({
  actions: {
    testAction: function() {
      this.cookie.getCookie('my-key');

      if (!token) {
        this.transitionTo('login');
      }
    }
  }
});
```

### \#removeCookie(key)

Use this function to remove/delete a cookie, eg:

```javascript
// /controllers/test.js

export default Ember.Controller.extend({
  actions: {
    testAction: function() {
      this.cookie.removeCookie('my-key');
    }
  }
});
```

## Contributing
In lieu of a formal styleguide, take care to maintain the existing coding style. Add unit tests for any new or changed functionality.

## Maintainers

- Aaron Chambers (achambers@gmail.com)

[1]: http://ember-cli.com "Ember CLI"
